# Calculator 

This "Calculator" is one of the sample projects detailed 
in the book "ExtJS by Example". 

Note, this example uses ExtJS 7 GPL, and is based on

[ananddayalan/extjs-by-example-calculator](https://github.com/ananddayalan/extjs-by-example-calculator)

See the online demo
[Joshua Online Demo](https://extjs.mx/examples/calculator/)


# app

This folder is primarily a container for the top-level pieces of the application.
While you can remove some files and folders that this application does not use,
be sure to read below before deciding what can be deleted and what needs to be
kept in source control.

The following files are all needed to build and load the application.

 - `"app.json"` - The application descriptor which controls how the application is
   built and loaded.
 - `"app.js"` - The file that launches the application. This is primarily used to
   launch an instance of the `MyApp.Application` class.
 - `"index.html"` - The default web page for this application. This can be customized
   in `"app.json"`.
 - `"build.xml"` - The entry point for Sencha Cmd to access the generated build
   script. This file is a place where you can hook into these processes and tune
   them. See the comments in that file for more information.

These files can be ignored from source control as they are regenerated by the build
process.

 - `"build"` - This folder contain the output of the build. The generated CSS file,
   consolidated resources and concatenated JavaScript file are all stored in this
   folder.
 - `"bootstrap.*"` - These files are generated by the build and watch commands to
   enable the application to load in "development mode".

## Basic Application Structure

Applications that target a single toolkit will have the following structure.

    app/                # Contains JavaScript and Theme code
        model/          # Data model classes
        view/           # Views as well as ViewModels and ViewControllers
        store/          # Data stores
        controller/     # Global / application-level controllers

    overrides/          # JavaScript code that is automatically required

    packages/local/calculator          # The calculator package code


## How to use

I wrote a little example here

    Ext.create("calculator.WindowCalculator", {
            listeners:{
                scope: this,
                oknumber: function (popupw,ctr,number){
                    alert("This is the number "+ number);
                    popupw.close();
                }
            }
        });


